chore(web-example): Added a README for the existing example (#562)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: examples/tracer-web/README.md

# Overview

> This example shows how to use [@opentelemetry/tracing](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/master/packages/opentelemetry-tracing) to instrument your JavScript code running in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use [@opentelemetry/tracing](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/master/packages/opentelemetry-tracing) to instrument your JavaScript code running in the browser.
```

Author: Fixed.

> This example shows how to use [@opentelemetry/tracing](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/master/packages/opentelemetry-tracing) to instrument your JavScript code running in the browser.

Reviewer 2: Minor: JavScript -> JavaScript

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer 2: I think we should highlight `@opentelemetry/web` instead of `@opentelemetry/tracing`. 

`@opentelemetry/tracing` is mostly used for the manual instrumentation, whereas `@opentelemetry/web`  module provides automated instrumentation and tracing for Web applications.

Author: Updated.

> The supplied example uses the `ConsoleSpanExporter()` to export spans into the console output.

Reviewer: this one is minor take it or leave it

```suggestion
This example uses the `ConsoleSpanExporter()` to export spans to the console.
```

Reviewer: I would specify that we are talking about the console in the browser and not the command line that you ran the application from.

Author: Updated.

## Installation

```sh
$ # from this directory
$ npm install
```

## Run the Application

```sh
$ # from this directory
$ npm start
```

> By default, the application will run on port `8090`: `http://localhost:8090/`

Reviewer: Maybe mention that you have to actually open the application in a web browser to generate a trace?

Author: Done.

> To see the results, make sure you have the console open. The application is using the `ConsoleSpanExporter` and will post the created spans into the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the results, make sure you have the browser console open. The application is using the `ConsoleSpanExporter` and will post the created spans into the console.
```

Author: Fixed!

# Overview

> This example shows how to use [@opentelemetry/tracing](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/master/packages/opentelemetry-tracing) to instrument your JavaScript code running in the browser.

Reviewer 3: `@opentelemetry/web` not `@opentelemetry/tracing`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use [@opentelemetry/web](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/master/packages/opentelemetry-web) to instrument your JavaScript code running in the browser.
```

Author: Fixed!

This example uses the `ConsoleSpanExporter()` to export spans to the browser console output.

## Installation

```sh
$ # from this directory
$ npm install
```

## Run the Application

```sh
$ # from this directory
$ npm start
```

By default, the application will run on port `8090`.

> To see the results, open the browser at `http://localhost:8090/` and make sure you have the browser console open. The application is using the `ConsoleSpanExporter` and will post the created spans to the browser console.

Reviewer 2: Adding a link would be easier for the end users to jump on the endpoint quickly (instead of copy/paste) :)

```suggestion
To see the results, open the browser at [http://localhost:8090/](http://localhost:8090/) and make sure you have the browser console open. The application is using the `ConsoleSpanExporter` and will post the created spans to the browser console.
```

Reviewer: More succinct link syntax.

```suggestion
To see the results, open the browser at <http://localhost:8090/> and make sure you have the browser console open. The application is using the `ConsoleSpanExporter` and will post the created spans to the browser console.
```
